## 353. Design Snake Game [M]
Design a [Snake game](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snake_(video_game)) that is played on a device with screen size = width x height. [Play the game](http://patorjk.com/games/snake/) online if you are not familiar with the game.

The snake is initially positioned at the top left corner (0,0) with length = 1 unit.   

You are given a list of food's positions in row-column order. When a snake eats the food, its length and the game's score both increase by 1.   

Each food appears one by one on the screen. For example, the second food will not appear until the first food was eaten by the snake.   

When a food does appear on the screen, it is guaranteed that it will not appear on a block occupied by the snake.   

Example:
```
Given width = 3, height = 2, and food = [[1,2],[0,1]].

Snake snake = new Snake(width, height, food);

Initially the snake appears at position (0,0) and the food at (1,2).

|S| | |
| | |F|

snake.move("R"); -> Returns 0

| |S| |
| | |F|

snake.move("D"); -> Returns 0

| | | |
| |S|F|

snake.move("R"); -> Returns 1 (Snake eats the first food and right after that, the second food appears at (0,1) )

| |F| |
| |S|S|

snake.move("U"); -> Returns 1

| |F|S|
| | |S|

snake.move("L"); -> Returns 2 (Snake eats the second food)

| |S|S|
| | |S|

snake.move("U"); -> Returns -1 (Game over because snake collides with border)
```

## Analysis:
1. Why is queue?
  1. The first thing came to my mind is, I should use a container to hold the coordinates of each points on the snake's body, since we need to know which point should leave the snake body.    
  2. Besides that, the body of the snake is a FILO(first in last out) model. 
Therefore, I think I should use a queue to hold the snake body.

2. Why is vector?
  When I tried queue to implement the proram, I found it is a deadend. In each move, the program need to check whether the new coming point is in the snake's body. Namely, the program need to check every points in the queue, which is impossible since the queue don't have a iterator.
  
  Therefore, the vector is a better choice.

## Code:
```c++

